feat: Add how to use pgvecto.rs in Kubernetes (#10)
tensorchord/pgvecto.rs-docs: src/admin/kubernetes.md

# How to use pgvecto.rs in Kubernetes?

If you want to use `pgvecto.rs` in PostgreSQL which is running in Kubernetes, we provide a tutorial to help you. In this tutorial, we will use [CloudNative-PG](https://cloudnative-pg.io/) to deploy PostgreSQL cluster in Kubernetes.

## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_helm"></a> [helm](#requirement\_helm) | >= 2.4.1 |
| <a name="requirement_kubectl"></a> [kubectl](#requirement\_kubectl) | >= 1.14 |

> | <a name="requirement_kubernetes"></a> [kubernetes](#requirement\_kubernetes) | >= 2.10 |

Reviewer: There is no kubernetes version `2.10`. The earliest kubernetes version supported by cloudnative-pg is `1.24.0`.

Author: Thanks a lot, I fixed it.

> ## Helm Instal CloudNative-PG

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Helm Install CloudNative-PG
```

Author: tks.

$ kubectl get pod -n cnpg-system   
NAME                                   READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
cnpg-cloudnative-pg-67ff4f5f66-94m8d   1/1     Running   0          1m
```

## Build PostgreSQL Docker Image

We use the official [CloudNative-PG docker image](https://github.com/cloudnative-pg/postgres-containers) as the base image, and install `pgvecto.rs` in it. And you can also find `pgvecto.rs` version from [releases](https://github.com/tensorchord/pgvecto.rs/releases).

```dockerfile
# syntax=docker/dockerfile-upstream:master
ARG CNPG_TAG

FROM ghcr.io/cloudnative-pg/postgresql:$CNPG_TAG

ARG CNPG_TAG
ARG PGVECTORS_TAG
ARG TARGETARCH

# drop to root to install packages
USER root

# install pgvecto.rs
ADD https://github.com/tensorchord/pgvecto.rs/releases/download/$PGVECTORS_TAG/vectors-pg${CNPG_TAG%.*}_${PGVECTORS_TAG#"v"}_$TARGETARCH.deb ./pgvectors.deb
RUN apt install ./pgvectors.deb

USER postgres
```

```shell
$ docker build -t <your-postgresql-image-repo>:15 --build-arg CNPG_TAG=15 --build-arg PGVECTORS_TAG=v0.1.13   --build-arg TARGETARCH=amd64 .
```

> > Notice: PostgreSQL docker image tag must contain CNPG_TAG.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Notice: PostgreSQL docker image tag must start with CNPG_TAG for cloudnative-pg to recognize the postgres version.
```

Author: tks.
